= Red Hat supplementary style guide for product documentation
:doctype: book
:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
// Embed images directly into HTML
// :data-uri:

[[introduction]]
== Introduction

include::introduction/about-guide.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::introduction/contributing.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[style-guidelines]]
== Style guidelines

These recommendations might override existing guidance in the _IBM Style Guide_, or might provide guidance for items not covered in the _IBM Style Guide_.

[NOTE]
====
If applicable, these guidelines provide example formatting in AsciiDoc, which is the markup language that Red Hat Customer Content Services currently uses. However, the guidelines can be applied to any language.
====

// General formatting
include::style_guidelines/general-formatting.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Grammar
// include::style_guidelines/grammar.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Code examples
include::style_guidelines/code-commands.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Graphical interfaces
include::style_guidelines/graphical-interfaces.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Specific documentation types
include::style_guidelines/specific-doc-types.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Links
include::style_guidelines/links.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[glossary-terms-conventions]]
== Glossary of terms and conventions

This glossary is the central location for terms and conventions for technical language in Red Hatâ€™s product documentation and other technical content.

[[general-conventions]]
=== General conventions

==== A

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/a.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== B

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/b.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== C

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/c.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== D

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/d.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== E

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/e.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== F

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/f.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== G

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/g.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== H

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/h.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== I

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/i.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== J

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/j.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== K

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/k.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== L

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/l.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== M

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/m.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== N

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/n.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== O

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/o.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== P

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/p.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Q

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/q.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== R

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/r.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== S

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/s.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== T

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/t.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== U

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/u.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== V

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/v.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== W

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/w.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== X

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/x.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Y

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/y.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Z

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/z.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Symbols

include::glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/symbols.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[product-specific-conventions]]
=== Product-specific conventions

include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/products_conventions_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Azure and .NET Core
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/azure-dotnet.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Partner and Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/partner-and-hybrid-cloud-infrastructure.adoc[leveoffset=+1]

==== Red Hat AMQ
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/amq7.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat Ceph Storage
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/ceph.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat CloudForms
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-cloudforms.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat Data Grid
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-data-grid.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat Enterprise Linux
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-enterprise-linux.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat JBoss BRMS and Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/bxms.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/jboss-eap.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat JBoss Fuse
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/fuse.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat OpenShift
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/openshift.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/openshift-container-storage.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat OpenStack Platform
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-openstack-platform.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat Satellite 6
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-satellite6.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Red Hat Virtualization
include::glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-virtualization.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
